[CCM] Hierarchical budgets and upload via CSV (#29081)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/budgets.md

## Overview
After you start ingesting your costs in Cloud Cost Management, set up budgets and visualize how you are tracking against budgets.

You can create two types of budgets:

- [**Basic**](#create-a-basic-budget): A flat, single-level budget for tracking your cloud costs.

> - [**Hierarchical**](#create-a-hierarchical-budget): A two-level, parent-child budget for tracking costs in a way that mirrors your organization's structure. For example, you can budget on a team within a department tag so that you can understand your budget health performance at the department (parent) and team (child) levels. In addition, this option allows you to create a single budget instead of needing to create multiple budgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Hierarchical**](#create-a-hierarchical-budget): A two-level, parent-child budget for tracking costs in a way that mirrors your organization's structure. For example, you can budget for a team within a department tag to track budget health at both the department (parent) and team (child) levels. In addition, this option allows you to create a single budget instead of needing to create multiple budgets.
```

   {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/budget-upload-your-csv.mp4" alt="Choose whether to add budget information by uploading a CSV or enter it directly within the UI" video="true">}}

   - **Budget Name**: Enter a name for your budget.
   - **Start Date**: Enter a start date for the budget (this can be a past month). Budgets are set at the month level.
   - **End Date**: Set an end date for the budget (can be in the future).
   - **Provider(s)**: Budget on any combination of AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, or other SaaS (including Datadog or custom costs).
   - **Dimension to budget by**: Specify a dimension to track the budget, along with its corresponding values. For example, if you wanted to create budgets for the top 4 teams, you would select "team" in the first dropdown, and the specific teams in the second dropdown.

1. Fill in all budgets in the table. To apply the same values from the first month to the rest of the months, enter a value in the first column of a row and click the **copy** button.

   {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/budget-copy-paste.png" alt="Budget Creation View: fill in budget details." style="width:100%;" >}}

> 1. Click **Save** in the bottom right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save**.
```

1. Enter your budget information using the details below.

   - **Budget Name**: Enter a name for your budget.
   - **Start Date**: Enter a start date for the budget (this can be a past month). Budgets are set at the month level.
   - **End Date**: Set an end date for the budget (can be in the future).
   - **Scope to Provider(s)**: Budget on any combination of AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, or other SaaS (including Datadog or custom costs).
   - **Parent Level**: Select the parent-level tag as listed in your [tag pipelines][3].
   - **Child Level**: Select child-level tag.
   - **Dimension to budget by**: Specify a dimension to track the budget, along with its corresponding values. For example, if you wanted to create budgets for the top 4 teams, you would select "team" in the first dropdown, and the specific teams in the second dropdown.

1. Fill in all budgets in the table. To apply the same values from the first month to the rest of the months, enter a value in the first column of a row and click the **copy** button.

   {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/budget-copy-paste.png" alt="Budget Creation View: fill in budget details." style="width:100%;" >}}

> 1. Click **Save** in the bottom right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save**.
```

- You can view the budget status for the **current month**:

>    {{< img src="cloud_cost/budgets/budget-status-month-1.png" alt="Budget Status View: view current month">}}

Reviewer: I recommend redacting the names from this screenshot, as well as from the ones that follow.
